 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
Setting environment for using Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 x86 tools.
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(168) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc1 *' to 'ExternalSaturationProperties *'
dsmodel.c(209) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc1 *' to 'ExternalSaturationProperties *'
dsmodel.c(250) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc1 *' to 'ExternalSaturationProperties *'
dsmodel.c(294) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc0 *' to 'ExternalThermodynamicState *'
dsmodel.c(338) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc0 *' to 'ExternalThermodynamicState *'
dsmodel.c(382) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc0 *' to 'ExternalThermodynamicState *'
dsmodel.c(426) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc0 *' to 'ExternalThermodynamicState *'
dsmodel.c(470) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc0 *' to 'ExternalThermodynamicState *'
dsmodel.c(514) : warning C4133: 'function' : incompatible types - from 'DymStruc0 *' to 'ExternalThermodynamicState *'
dsmodel.c(1620) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1631) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1642) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1653) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1664) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1675) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1686) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1697) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1708) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1719) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1730) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1741) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1752) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1763) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1774) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1785) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1796) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1807) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1818) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1829) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1840) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1851) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1862) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1873) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1884) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1895) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1906) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1917) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1928) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1939) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1950) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1961) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1972) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1983) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1994) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2005) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2016) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2027) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2038) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2049) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2060) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2071) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2082) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2093) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2104) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2115) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2126) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2137) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2148) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2159) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2170) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2181) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2192) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2203) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2214) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(2225) : warning C4244: 'initializing' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
